everybody welcome back in land please
the binding of issac a different plus
this is a big one
sorry root I didn't mean to yell so
loudly wake you up for me nice little
nap this is ten wins in a row
potentially great damage good rate of
fire speeds fine Lux over zero space bar
items pretty much trash but whatever V
a j4 feel free to disagree with me by
the way that the pure detonator is trash
but there have been like maybe three
situations and pulling a number be
honest kind of out of my butt here but
maybe a couple of times I've used blue
detonator and I've been like you know
what this is a good item I'm usually
happy to have it simply because it's a
little unusual but the big like the the
crown jewel in this run right here is
definitely 4.3 for damage and a rate of
fires that's that are like almost as
good as as the stamps we finished our
last run with the last run was is never
great but it was never really that
dangerous I guess the the real dream
here like the teamwork that makes the
dream work is if we can get why not
you know maybe we can use cracked ice to
break the game a little bit here but if
we can get a really really good rate of
fire and then tears that also do a lot
of damage well in that case you know we
got the keys to the kingdom and we don't
necessarily need to make blue detonator
work but it might turn blue detonator
into like a possibly almost as good
Tammy's head fire mine probably makes
that substantially less likely but I
feel an obligation to pick it up
regardless mostly because I'm a moron
who doesn't know it's good for him who
did you see you can see that tinted rock
it was obscured very slightly by the map
of repeating of course
help hit the fire he's done it and the
fire does not hurt me thankfully um yeah
so I mean obviously fire mind carries
some negatives along with it but also if
we use it properly and we're aware of
the potential consequences of it it
could be pretty decent for us there are
some situations in which you will
probably like irrevocably deal damage to
us and there's nothing we can do about
that
but I'm hopeful that we'll have the HP
to tolerate that for example that right
there we like not being able to shoot
enemies they get close to us puts us in
a really awkward position sometimes and
the path of damage out of it is okay all
we need is you know some kind of
explosion immunity I went through a
period of not taking fire mines probably
at this point we're talking like years
ago means now I haven't playing this
game for twenty years even though
sometimes it does feel like it but I
take it now because it's it's like life
you know chill out what she yep yelling
for lay back it's all been done before
so we screwed our deal with the devil
chances I was like I fell victim to a
statistical fallacy and that statistical
fallacy was obviously it's not going to
explode on the first shot like are you
kidding me it's not a that's not the
proper attitude though we can't take
that because a a bad trip puts us in a
really really bad spot so just ignore it
for now
save your bomb because you might find a
spirit heart of me we need that for
survivability sake to be honest with you
no chances is a secret room but two
bombs here is quite nice and we're
fighting a boss who who loves clothes
should not be that tough just make sure
you take out the desert is first aka
take out the trash we have taken out the
trash now we just need him to explode
and then we stand in the fire and then
we get him to jump into the fire and the
world's our oyster
or you can just explode and be on fire
that also works out pretty well come on
36 percent let's go range upgrade luck
upgrade oh I mean this is like use a
bombs to keep them at bay here a little
bit but this is obvious right you take
this and then you take this you respawn
as dark Judas with piercing shots would
that do a lot of damage you take your
pale it's friends to the end and then
you just you know pray to the Lord above
that you never ever take damage again
because as good as the damage is find
ourselves in a slightly risky situation
here but this is basically like what we
asked for as far as making to your
detonator work better we need the spirit
hearts like above all else it's tough
because mom's bottle of pills could give
us some half these and stuff but I think
we need to try to roll with your
detonator mostly because it's fun and
the damage output seems like it could
get pretty insane you've got to be very
very cautious come on just give me a
bomb just give me a bomb
give me a bomb give me a bomb gives me
give me a bomb we have 1.92 lots of give
me something give me something chosen
not to give me anything that I can't get
no bums think about do you blue kings
okay we need bombs
give me a bomb shouldn't use the bombs
as willy-nilly as I use the bombs I
don't want to be here anymore but dude
look at the damage output this guy's
going to give us bombs I forgot to focus
on the positive there he didn't give us
bombs to give us mr. boom but honestly
that's just as good maybe even a little
bit better here so you blow that up to
spirit are it's a key a death card a
gyro rune which you probably want to
hold and then two more spirit hearts in
here it's getting a little silly but I
like it open the chest more bombs Oh
what do you get for the man who has
everything we're going to stick with
Tier detonator because I believe that it
has the power to to move us like the
history of one
boy and young nasty man no consumable
drop oh okay
one of these we have three keys we
should check both but one of these is a
library if it's a library with a good
book
we win and we I mean we just won as far
as I'm concerned we also got bookworm I
am going to be a silly boy and a very
good bad boy show me the second secret
room did not show me the second secret
room and I'm going to keep tear
detonator the reason I'm going to keep
tear detonator is because I believe in
its ability to work well with our
existing run I don't think it's
guaranteed to do so but I think it's got
a chance and how many times have we done
a run with your detonator right like not
that many as compared to Satanic Bible
of all things I don't know what we're
going to do here we'll see I guess is
the the complicated answer I think what
we should try to do is so you might not
be a huge fan of this but hear me out
start by blowing this guy up nothing huh
then blow that guy up use all of your
bombs yera the money and also I guess
all the consumables why is this
important well mostly because I'm going
to try to get an HP upgrade out of this
guy and let me get one item for free
which at this point I'd probably take
black candle it's a great item of the
couple of these are worthwhile but of
course now you want to play this guy a
little bit as well and I'm going to give
him some spirit heart action Oh curse
eyes just rear old everything let's keep
it up see what's going on here man
I don't know it's a little weird tell
you what take PhD take a lark on this
PhD gave us a luck upgrade and gulp
smelt the trinket things are going to
get very strange here
got succubus out of it as well I'd say
it's worth it and you know what we're
dark Judas dude let's go to town you
remember that's the dark Judas
catchphrase we're dark judas let's go to
town but now we got succubus there's
options is good because it allows us to
pick up what we want more frequently
from boss rooms which in this case is
definitely going to be HP and then on
top of all this succubus a great damage
bonus we're doing 20 damage when we're
standing inside of the succubus
area-of-effect
and then we got this guy in here okay
well give me some HP please I would very
much like something I know I traded a
little bit away that was that was hasty
of me please show me the error of my
ways by making it conceivable for me to
do something positive here he's done it
he's got it one makes you larger that's
not a good pill you've lied to me BOM
regular penny nothing all right well
we're out of here we got no money what
I'm going to do is blow this up slow
this up good dividends there and then
there's no spirit hard for sale in here
are you kidding me so we're gonna blow
these up and we're going for enough
money to buy black candle which is not
going to happen now but now we buy the
card we get Shariat it's not quite HP
but it's sorta is we could have used
this to play a blood bank and maybe get
something out of it but so be it
honestly we've done some interesting
things on this floor we're leaving in 9
minutes but with such better damage than
we had recently and the run again with
Satanic Bible it could have popped off
so quickly instead we chose to get a
little funky with it and I'm happy to do
so unless we die in which case I'll feel
like a real idiot but you've got a
little tolerance before that happens and
I do mean like a little
we're not we're not outrageously safe
here the only thing that makes you feel
good is that to the best of my knowledge
fire mine can't just explode when it
hits a wall and see any tinted rocks
there so I'm pretty sure that using the
tear detonator shouldn't be able to just
blow me up unless there's an enemy close
by which is still annoying but we're
able to clear the rooms pretty quickly
here to very be careful what you wish
for sort of situation because the
succubus is so good we definitely want
the gift and I'm just going to use it
here because I want something fast and
that could pay dividends but it's not
what we needed immediately so always a
little scary there we'll go back to the
penny succubus is doing such good work
the real problem in the danger with this
run is that we can't shoot at enemies
that are close to us without risking a
lot I think this could be a second
secret room let's go and the spirit
heart that was actually like incredible
so let's squander it by fighting this
angel statue
[Music]
all right we can shoot through the fire
because we have the lyall tears yeah
this is actually pretty good now
we can't shoot at enemies that rush us
down without incurring like a chance of
pretty like enormous risk so we're going
to have to be way way way more cautious
than we oftentimes have been which is
why I'm not really going to concern
myself with going to the curse room you
know that strikes me as like a little
too dangerous for my taste
plus this run is actually great so it
seems to me like it would be nice dude
what you okay hear me out here
death touches amazing but we already
have piercing shots I think we should
take Abaddon for the raw damage increase
and if we're going to take Abaddon we
should really take both of these as
risky as it looks
grab this head down to the next floor
with like unbelievably ridiculous stats
except there 18 is going to be a little
dicey we're at six and a half because
Abaddon gives you 6 that's one of those
examples of situations where like rules
are made to be broken I think most of
the time if you saw strange if not
strange attractor good lord if you saw
deaths touch on a on a deal or as a free
item from the boss especially you would
be like dude I'm in but in this case
because we already have piercing shots
something that doesn't happen all that
often a redundant piercing shot I think
it really was like by far the correct
option for us to to basically go for the
HP and keep in keeping in mind the HP
also allowed us to very freely take a
damage increase and then also a same
which could give us even more HP in the
future so I mean we have 23 base damage
right now so I'm feeling like our
decision-making process is pretty good
being able to muster 30 damage by the
third floor seems fairly amazing so I'm
quite happy with that and we're just
going to look for blood bag because our
speed is still a little subpar and we
could always use the money and just nice
to get a chance of some luck upgrades
and maybe some more purchasing power in
the future here let's move on I like
this because this floor looks super
linear and that is you know for my
cerebral cortex just about the perfect
thing here dude
it took a while but PhD eventually gave
us exactly what we wanted you know I
wanted us to get that HP upgrade earlier
so we can make the blood bank pop and
this is like a really dynamic run we got
two HP upgrade later which is what I was
going to finish that anecdote with but
we're on the fourth floor we've had a
lot of interesting stuff happen on this
run we went from being like we're
probably never going to be able to get
good stuff out of a tear detonator to
being like wait a minute we've gotten an
amazing tear detonator run we also got a
black market we got PhD and there's
options we fought the Fallen he gave us
two good choices of items straight up I
think we're happier with the speed
upgrade here hello Ruka you're awake the
cats were like crazy today man not that
you're necessarily that enamored with
the day-to-day life of my cats but I
feel like you know I'm at the point I
never leave my house except to go to
class buy cat food and buy groceries so
like one Kate had a concert yesterday
that she was playing so we left
yesterday for a little bit admittedly
but but they didn't have any dry food
and they eat dry food every day so we
were like all right well we got wet food
let's give them wet food instead when we
woke up this morning the cats were like
biting my hands they're like we need dry
food they were freaking out catacombs to
which I mean in the end of course
they're freaking out they're hungry and
there's no food but at the same time I'm
like what kind of delinquent pet owner
do you think I am so I believe car
batteries your detonator doesn't double
the tiers detonated and taro cloth is
amazing but I really want to try and we
can get to 15 cents anyway if we're
willing to sacrifice some spirit arts we
can get to 15 cents oh it totally does
double it so I was just wrong but I was
wrong in like the best way because we
still are going to get the benefit out
of it regardless
so that's absurdly good the car down the
errant cam remember does a massive
sacrifice a little bit
oh it's the the effect of the b1 okay
now we'll go through with this to more
sense not the do you want sorry the
cursed dice area 16 cents we are all we
must have D Aidid because we're like
much weaker now and our rate of fire is
way worse but we're also many many times
faster so that's actually pretty bad but
you know it gives us a good excuse to go
back and play that blood bank some more
because I just bought a bomb by accident
all right come on re roll my stance back
to something good we might miss boss
rush now but I don't want to but we may
regardless there is a nickel under there
so now we're very slow but our damage is
much better like much much better and
our rate of fire is drastically
increased dude I don't know this is a
strange situation we're doing this all
for taro cloth because taro cloth is
lovely and I'm thinking like car battery
tear detonator parasitoid tears is going
to be a combination for the ages like we
get a card for just for holding this as
well ace of clubs it's not quite as
bombastic as I thought it would be it's
kind of open it would turn into like 20
bombs instead we just lost our devil
card which could have been nice but we
got a great combination going here as
long as we don't accidentally end their
own lives anyway like I'm expecting to
get a lot of flies and spiders I know
I'm leaving consumables behind this is
all in the interest of getting to boss
rush which might strike you is not being
worth much but look at this run this
might be and I don't use this lightly
this might be almost as good as being
guppy
our Paris like this effect by itself
might be almost as good as being gubby
our parasitoid tears are crushing it
obviously we want our luck upgrades and
I would love to be able to get chaos as
well this is why by the way this doesn't
happen that often so you get a run that
just pops like this but this is why I
always love to go for these weird combos
because in a situation like this they're
working out so well for us
you got a try truth be told they could
probably try both I'm going to abandon
our item room to try to get the boss
rush where we're definitely if we make
it going to do boss rush because we have
the ability to do so like extremely
easily I don't even need to see the
enemies to destroy them this might be I
didn't think it would happen at the
start of this run but this might be one
of the most powerful runs we've ever had
we totally left chaos behind on the last
floor as well but you know what
controlled chaos is what we already have
I said remember that let's donate all of
our money here unless a double two of
clubs it's not bad I mean that would
give us 12 right now so it's not a ton
but it's you know I keep in mind every
bomb you pick up is essentially four
bombs that you've picked up so we can
see how that would scale pretty quickly
can't quite kill every enemy that we see
apparently would so there's effectively
no point to skipping the item room on
this floor which we've already gone to
the item room on this floor disregard
we've also already gone to the shop so I
guess we're just good to go 48 hour
energy is irrelevant now we're getting
up to 16 bombs I guess we'll just look
it like I'm not trying to speed through
this run as if I don't like it it's
quite the opposite like I love it so
much every time we press the spacebar
you know an angel gets its wings and
polaroid invincibility very useful
you're out you got to go for the raw
damage
we must have got I would also probably
say this is like the strongest
parasitoids here we've ever had I think
if we play our cards right like we can
actually still have parasitoid tears on
the screen or not pears but like a tear
detonator tears on the screen when the
second wave spawns at least if they
don't have death animations that makes
that unlikely I suppose we almost didn't
kill the gate right away and I was
losing my mind all right that was like
the fastest run of all time
the fastest boss rush of all time it
took less than a minute to get through
15 waves less than 2 minutes at least uh
and now like if there's one thing I want
to be cautious about it's creating an
enduring legacy for tear detonator this
is an item that all about how my life
got no this is an item that is not
actually like nearly as good as it
appears right now and that's not me
being bitter it's just me being
realistic like most of the time it's not
even close to performing at this level
but for now it's crushing it so hard
that I the lead chunk and that was a
surprise what happens if you kill the
little guy laughs sometimes I guess but
just trying to temper your expectations
because you might watch this video and
be like tear detonators one of the best
items in the game well yes and no in
this situation I would rather have this
over like anything else I don't think
anything else we could conceive of even
comes close but you know there are space
bar items that are better than this it's
mostly honestly because our stats are
just so good and to that we oh you know
a sense of
intrepid miss and then also that
second-floor deal with the devil and
then also you know getting sucky buffs
from a blood bank seemingly basically
out of nowhere and our stats have been
compromised again now that we have
cracked dice unfortunately got it by a
couple bombs in there as well but we're
still not we shouldn't be in a dire
position are we going to fight hush I
mean the double strength guard makes it
fairly sensible to fight hush our range
is the ridiculous stat now I mean even
though our damage is not as good it's
still like really really good the only
thing really missing right now is the
ability to fly we could get the L we got
pH D so should check if we can get that
to pop off we're like sitting extremely
pretty
I mean I'm a little spoiled on this run
I'm walking into every room pressing the
spacebar and everything's dying it's
like our dad works at Nikolas
entertainment he told me a seed where
you can just get like the greatest run
of all time he press space and all the
enemies die yeah whatever
except it's actually true my uncle does
work in Nintendo
his name is Shigeru Shigeru name is
Shigeru Miyamoto maybe you've heard of
him he's from Timmins Ontario I'm not
from Timmins but you know who says an
uncle has to be from the same place as
his nephew you know it's an insulting
attitude we've got a deal the deal is
not nine lives
we're far enough away from Guffey that I
don't okay what I mean to say is we're
definitely going to take Gabby's head
just to try to become Guffey but that
means we are not going to go oh we
should just yeah yeah you're right we
should have popped the strength cards
then we could have gotten both of them
for free we can still get a little brim
for free but take Pierre detonator dude
but we're definitely not going to go
fight hush now because I'm a moron
however at least we made it through this
part relatively unscathed just watch out
you know any objects in the environment
can still cause you a little little
trouble here you're still alive so we
desperately need some spirit arts it's
still lose Abul should not be lose Abul
but it is still losing don't need any of
that I was like actually going to do the
hush fight I would rather do the hush
fight and have three extra spirit hearts
then do what we did and have Guppies
head with almost no chances to get a
guppy transformation I mean we did
turndown couple use of hair ball earlier
that's how you can be relatively sure
that what I did there was actually a
genuine accident
however I mean there's no denying it's a
mistake men at work that being said for
all the problems that we've maybe
incurred upon ourselves as a result of
our relative inability to do one full
run without making an enormous mistake
at the same time I don't know about that
one
thank you PhD by the way for the
inevitable yes health upgrade that we're
going to get here which we shouldn't
probably can pop and don't you can't
fill it up yet anyway so don't sweat it
I'm just worried yes about a hot bombs
bomber boy
but it doesn't look like they're
actually exploding like bomber boy
by the way if we end up losing on this
run because we got a little too silly
I'm still going to be happy with it just
because the run is ridiculous but I'm
surely thinking a loss would be a major
problem here the major mistake
indicative of a great degree of idiocy
does that make you feel better it makes
me feel a lot worse so it should make
you feel better yeah I think it gives us
a spare hit Oh killing last get a spirit
art that's all we need by the way
intending to fight to fight mega satan
here i just want to maybe stack up HP
before we do and you know we've got 9
lux so
oh the conjoined transformation seems
like it should be amazingly good but who
knows wait what a little too late not
that we would have taken it in a run
like this anyway but it's fine give me a
de gAHS room so I at least know where I
stand we did get a black heart there I
want to open it but we can't open it you
never get anything out of you got to be
kidding me you never get anything out of
the boss fight so I don't think that's
sensible we could beat the boss in two
seconds
top because that's going to be a speed
downgrade the mega Satan's gonna be
slightly tougher but you know at the
same time I like believe that's the
right way to prove that we've gotten
over our previous streak or slump Redis
leaks leaks and strums that's what I've
always said that's what the game is all
about
no spun but the speed up is nice but not
doing anything for us fine let's take on
mushroom NoHo well we need the red hard
blank card actually could be incredible
for us we just need something to go
along with it
I don't know less tears that do twice as
much damage actually seems good when
each tier has a chance to murder us and
that's it basically so I guess we'll
we'll go get our HP so at least we can
get hit once on the boss fight
maybe maybe secret room this is a very
good time to be smart okay I didn't
realize we had enough carryover momentum
it's a very good time to be smart look
for your secret room incur an advantage
that way it doesn't exist apparently and
then look for your second secret room
there's our secret room to forget me now
we can't fly so we actually cannot get
there which is a serious bummer because
I would like to get there and get four
more items and actually be able to see
our HP we would be able to fight mega
Satan but it's probably a good move for
like survival sake
just don't accidentally push the the
chest into you because it is a mimic
pala tute it was all worth it it was all
worth it now remember we can only use
you know what don't hate me I can't I
can't fight mega Satan I'm just
realizing now if we can only use two
your detonator once we can't buy mega
Satan I am gonna I'm going to bow out of
the mega Satan sweepstakes here if we
fight mega satan then we can only use
two your detonator once will probably
die killing enemies that are going to
rush us down i had the bank it i'm sorry
and whatever her name was from the
weakest link give me a moment here
spacebar 10 wins in a row and weakest
link and robinson a show aired for 13
freaking years good lord anyway
what a strange run but a fun run
nonetheless thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button it helps out a
great deal and of course subscribe if
you want to see more in the future but
for now thanks for watching we're
officially kicking off a streak i'll see
you next time